hello and this is a rubric plus a minus
as we all know even the ideal
dolls are their pros and cons therefore
we need to sort them out well
so as not to be mistaken with the choice of the doll
dreams today on our cutting table
hit a wonderful doll which is already
seemed to us in the image to
Nikon dolls but in this collection
she came out a little easier and without
your doubles handsome and you absolutely
right this is oris club from collection
ah lav Islam despite the fact that the doll
a lot of accessories
one of mercy is they
the fact is most
accessories we have already met with others
characters for example, too, shoes two pairs
shoe
it is well forgotten old as we see
Iris boots are taken
uk where cats and shoes have scary scrims 2
minus one of the dresses
looks a bit cheap and rustic
and its quality leaves much to be
best 3 minus removing 1 set of clothes
you risk to get acquainted further with
very tight tunic oris the fact that
when you try to wear leggings for her
after the first disguise you are talking about
you curse everything in the world so how to do it
it will be very difficult for example I spent
more than five minutes to pull the tunic
on the pants features minus again hid
40 polish the fact that the model again
regretted paint on individual seats in
accessories 5 minus is
that a rice is a limited line
for the few stores that is to meet
you can only define it
I like them, I found my avis in
empire dolls 1 plus the girl is very
many accessories that undoubtedly pleases
2 + doll has an incredibly good firmware
hair and soft and smooth 3+ definitely
will make everyone happy oris
It was insanely expensive doll as
was considered a comicon vski exclusive but
now it has become more accessible in
collections
i love fashion the next plus is
the fact that the doll is very high quality
done but what dear friends here and
ended debriefing clubs sheep and
now it's up to you to decide whether you will
acquire yourself such a cutie in
collection or let's say it doesn't matter to me
need I hope our rubric has helped you
make your choice and now you are exactly
know what kind of kitchens u want
get yourself into the collection thanks that
watched our video don't forget
post your likes and write comments
what kind of beech sticks would you like
see the heading plus minus
Well, I was with you Natasha vest and
oddly enough the plus rubric
until